Modified launch files tutorial, added a note to the README. (#1008)
moveit/moveit2_tutorials: doc/examples/moveit_cpp/moveitcpp_tutorial.rst

The Launch File
---------------
The entire launch file is :codedir:`here<examples/moveit_cpp/launch/moveit_cpp_tutorial.launch.py>` on GitHub.
Notably, the launch file contains the following node

.. code-block:: python

    # MoveItCpp demo executable
        moveit_cpp_node = Node(
            name="moveit_cpp_tutorial",
            package="moveit2_tutorials",
            executable="moveit_cpp_tutorial",
            output="screen",
            parameters=[moveit_config.to_dict()],
        )

> This node contains parameters which are passed to the executable associated with moveit_cpp_tutorial.

Reviewer: Use ` ``code_font`` ` here for the tutorial name

> This node contains parameters which are passed to the executable associated with moveit_cpp_tutorial.

Reviewer: nit: Add a blank line in between these 2 -- although it seems to render fine as is

The CMakeLists.txt File
-----------------------
During the build process, the CMakeLists.txt file assigns where the launcher will look for the executable.

> Below is the CMakeLists.txt file for this tutorial:

Reviewer: Add code font: ` ``CMakeLists.txt`` ` to all these mentions

Also "launcher" --> "launch file"

.. code-block:: cmake

  add_executable(moveit_cpp_tutorial src/moveit_cpp_tutorial.cpp)
  target_include_directories(moveit_cpp_tutorial PUBLIC include)
  ament_target_dependencies(moveit_cpp_tutorial  ${THIS_PACKAGE_INCLUDE_DEPENDS} Boost)

  install(TARGETS moveit_cpp_tutorial
    DESTINATION lib/${PROJECT_NAME}
  )
  install(DIRECTORY launch
    DESTINATION share/${PROJECT_NAME}
  )
  install(DIRECTORY config
    DESTINATION share/${PROJECT_NAME}
  )

> ``add_executable`` builds the executable named moveit_cpp_tutorial from the source file ``src/moveit_cpp_tutorial.cpp``.

Reviewer: code font for the executable name here too

``target_include_directories`` specifies the directories to search for header files during compilation.
``PUBLIC`` makes the include directory available to targets that depend on ``moveit_cpp_tutorial``.

> ``ament_target_dependencies`` specifies dependencies for the moveit_cpp_tutorial executable.

Reviewer: and here

> ``${THIS_PACKAGE_INCLUDE_DEPENDS}`` is a variable defined in the  ``moveit2_tutorials`` root directory's CMakeLists.txt file, which list common dependencies used in moveit2_tutorials.

Reviewer: code font for all the things here as well

``install(TARGET ...)`` and ``install(DIRECTORY ...)`` specify where to put the built executable and directories needed to run your program.

> For more details about custom executables, please browse the other examples on this site as well as the ROS documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about building executables in ROS packages, please browse the other examples on this site as well as the ROS documentation.
```

Also, consider maybe linking to the ROS documentation here?
